logging-z-6.2.2 release notes (#92988)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/log6x-6-2-2-rn.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * observability/logging/logging-6.2/log6x-release-notes-6.2.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE
[id="logging-release-notes-6-2-2_{context}"]
= Logging 6.2.2 Release Notes

> This release includes link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHBA-2025:4526[RHBA-2025:4526].

Author: That's right

[id="logging-release-notes-6-2-2-bug-fixes_{context}"]
== Bug Fixes

> * Before this update, logs without the `responseStatus.code` field resulted in parsing errors within the Loki distributor when using the OpenTelemetry data model. With this update, logs without the `responseStatus.code` field are parsed correctly. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-7012[LOG-7012])

Reviewer: This sentence is quite hard to read, I think because of the "when using the OpenTelemetry data model" part at the end. Would something like this maybe work:

```suggestion
* Before this update, logs without the `responseStatus.code` field caused parsing errors in the Loki `distributor` component. This happened when using the OpenTelemetry data model. With this update, logs without the `responseStatus.code` field are parsed correctly. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-7012[LOG-7012])
```

> * Before this update, logs without the `responseStatus.code` field resulted in parsing errors within the Loki distributor when using the OpenTelemetry data model. With this update, logs without the `responseStatus.code` field are parsed correctly. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-7012[LOG-7012])

Author: done

* Before this update, the Cloudwatch output supported log events up to 256 KB in size. With this update, the Cloudwatch output supports up to 1 MB in size to match the updates published by Amazon Web Services (AWS). (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-7013[LOG-7013])

> * Before this update, auditd log messages with multiple `msg` keys caused incorrect parsing because all `msg` values were returned as an array. This behavior conflicted with the standard auditd log format, where the first `msg` field follows the structure `msg=audit(TIMESTAMP:ID)` and contains essential metadata. With this update, only the first `msg` value is used during parsing, which resolves the issue with parsing and ensures accurate extraction of audit metadata. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-7014[LOG-7014])

Reviewer: Same suggestion and reasoning here as in the other PR: (https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/93019)
```suggestion
* Before this update, `auditd` log messages with multiple `msg` keys could cause errors in collector pods, because the standard `auditd` log format expects a single `msg` field per log entry that follows the `msg=audit(TIMESTAMP:ID)` structure. With this update, only the first `msg` value is used, which resolves the issue and ensures accurate extraction of audit metadata. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-7014[LOG-7014])
```

Author: wonderful suggestion, implemented!

> * Before this update, collector pods would enter a crash loop due to a configuration error when attempting token-based authentication with an Elasticsearch output. With this update, token authentication to Elasticsearch output produces a valid configuration. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-7017[LOG-7017])

Reviewer: Same suggestion and reasoning here as in the other PR: (https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/93019)
```suggestion
* Before this update, collector pods would enter a crash loop due to a configuration error when attempting token-based authentication with an Elasticsearch output. With this update, token authentication with an Elasticsearch output generates a valid configuration. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-7017[LOG-7017])
```

Author: done

> 
> 

Reviewer: To remove one redundant line:
```suggestion

```

Author: done

////
[id="logging-release-notes-6-2-2-cves_{context}"]
== CVEs

* link:https://access.redhat.com/security/cve/CVE-2022-49043[CVE-2022-49043]
* link:https://access.redhat.com/security/cve/CVE-2024-2236[CVE-2024-2236]
* link:https://access.redhat.com/security/cve/CVE-2024-5535[CVE-2024-5535]
* link:https://access.redhat.com/security/cve/CVE-2024-56171[CVE-2024-56171]

> * link:https://access.redhat.com/security/cve/CVE-2025-24928[CVE-2025-24928]

Reviewer: Just a note here that I had issues previously in one of my PRs (it was with xrefs but still) where even if I commented the links out, it still could cause issues with the build. This is probably ok, but I wanted to mention it just in case you faced any weird errors, that maybe removing the commented out links would help :+1:

Author: thanks, removed :)

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * observability/logging/logging-6.2/log6x-release-notes-6.2.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE
[id="logging-release-notes-6-2-2_{context}"]
= Logging 6.2.2 Release Notes

This release includes 
//link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHBA-2025:3908[RHBA-2025:3908].

[id="logging-release-notes-6-2-2-enhancements_{context}"]
== Enhancements

> * Before this update, the Cloudwatch output supported log events up to 256 KB in size. With this update, the Cloudwatch output supports up to 1 MB in size to match the updates published by Amazon Web Services (AWS). (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-7013[LOG-7013])

Author: done

* Before this update, auditd log messages with multiple `msg` keys caused incorrect parsing because all `msg` values were returned as an array. This behavior conflicted with the standard auditd log format, where the first `msg` field follows the structure `msg=audit(TIMESTAMP:ID)` and contains essential metadata. With this update, only the first `msg` value is used during parsing, which resolves the issue with parsing and ensures accurate extraction of audit metadata. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-7014[LOG-7014])

* Before this update, collector pods would enter a crash loop due to a configuration error when attempting token-based authentication with an Elasticsearch output. With this update, token authentication to Elasticsearch output produces a valid configuration. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-7017[LOG-7017])

////
[id="logging-release-notes-6-2-2-cves_{context}"]

> == CVEs

Author: yeah, i double-checked to be sure, didn't find any.
